L5 level
------------------
Backend
--------
3 DS Al
1 System Design
1 Cultural

2 M in one round ( in 45 min)
1 Hard (in 45 min)
Topics: DP, Graph, String, Backtracking

Team: Cloud team

For Full Stack
------------
2 DS Algo
1 Front end
1 System
1 Cultural

Example of building web design
File of folder structure 
Each tree node has child associated
------------------------------------



BOOKS RECOMMENDED FOR SYSTEM DESIGN
WEB SCALABILITY FOR STARTUP ENGINEERS
DISIGNING DATA-INTENSIVE APPLICATIONS
BUILDING MICROSERVICES
MICROSERVICES PATTERNS AND BEST PRACTISES
DOMAIN DRIVEN DESIGNS
SYSTEM DESIGN INTERVIEW
SOLUTIONS ARCHITECTS HANDBOOK
FUNDAMENTALS OF SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE

-------------- Amazon ----------------
35 behavioral questions asked in 95% of Amazon interviews with examples
Team / time management (positive & negative) https://youtu.be/CQG4Ui0oAmk 
1. Tell me about a time when you were not able to meet a time commitment. What prevented you from meeting it? What was the outcome and what did you learn from it?
2. Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep everything moving along in a timely manner?
3. Give me an example of a time when you set a goal and were able to meet or achieve it
Adaptation https://youtu.be/ys7fLcH5gpg 
4. Tell me about a time you had to quickly adjust your work priorities to meet changing demands.
Team / decision https://youtu.be/3NExTeMnobU
5. an example when you had to push back to HQ or challenged a decision
6. Tell me about the toughest decision you've had to make in the past six months
7. Tell me about a decision that you regret.
Team / leadership https://youtu.be/Tg6BVRTsuic 
8. What did you do when you needed to motivate a group of individuals?
9. Tell me about a time you stepped up into a leadership role
Team / communication & negotiation https://youtu.be/UJXkaide9bU 
10. Do you collaborate well?
11. Describe a situation when you negotiated with others in your organization to reach agreement.
Team / coworkers https://youtu.be/ZsxkoZdyEcw 
12. We've all had to work with people that don't like us. How do you deal with someone that doesn't like you?
13. We all make mistakes we wish we could take back. Tell me about a time you wish you’d handled a situation differently with a colleague.
14. The last time you had to apologize to someone
Team / conflict https://youtu.be/Zz8iQ852YMs 
15. Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?
16. Tell me about a time when you received negative feedback from your manager. How did you respond?
Problem solving https://youtu.be/2XxCUain1IU 
17. Tell me about a time when you missed an obvious solution to a problem
18. A time when you faced a problem that had multiple possible solutions
19. Tell me about a time when you came up with a new approach to a problem.
20. Describe a time when you anticipated potential problems and developed preventive measures.
21. Describe a situation in which you found a creative way to overcome an obstacle.
Strategy / data https://youtu.be/oRGKHTiM29E 
22. How have you leveraged data to develop a strategy?
23. a time when you were 75% through a project, & you had to pivot strategy
24. Tell me about a time when you had to choose between technologies for a project
25. Tell me about a time you had to deal with ambiguity
Innovation https://youtu.be/774ovkE2y5I 
26. What’s the most innovative new idea that you have implemented?
Ownership principle https://youtu.be/Rn3EjvukTkI 
27. Describe a time when you sacrificed short term goals for long term success
28. Provide an example of when you personally demonstrate ownership.
Strength / weakness https://youtu.be/q8fK73QjmbA 
29. What's your greatest strength
30. Biggest weakness
Clients https://youtu.be/OFEUzyB12rE 
31. We all deal with difficult customers from time to time. Tell me about a challenging client-facing situation and how you handled it.
32. How do you show customer obsession?
Failure https://youtu.be/eaUUeFoB9CQ 
33. Tell me about a time you recovered from a difficult situation
34. Tell me about a time you failed and what you learned from it
35. Why Amazon https://youtu.be/H_KGM0i9jkA


----------------------
Amazon STAR format:
SITUATION: Describe the situation that you were in, or the task that you needed to accomplish.
Give enough detail for the interviewer to understand the complexities of the situation.
This example can be from a previous job, school project, volunteer activity, or any relevant event.

TASK
What goal were you working toward?

ACTION
Describe the actions you took to address the situation with an appropriate amount of detail, 
and keep the focus on you. What specific steps did you take? What was your particular contribution?
Be careful that you don’t describe what the team or group did when talking about a project. 
Let us know what you actually did. Use the word “I,” not “we,” when describing actions.

RESULT
Describe the outcome of your actions and don’t be shy about taking credit for your behavior.
What happened? How did the event end? What did you accomplish? What did you learn? 
Provide examples using metrics or data if applicable.

Tips for great answers:
- Practice using the STAR method to answer the behavioral-based interview questions listed above,
 incorporating examples from the Amazon Leadership Principles.
- Ensure each answer has a beginning, middle, and end. Describe the situation or problem,
 the actions you took, and the outcome.
- Prepare short descriptions of a handful of different situations and be ready to answer follow-up
 questions with greater detail. Select examples that highlight your unique skills.
- Have specific examples that showcase your experience, and demonstrate that you’ve taken risks,
 succeeded, failed and grown in the process.
- Specifics are key; avoid generalizations. Give a detailed account of one situation for each
 question you answer, and use data or metrics to support your example.
- Be forthcoming and straightforward. Don't embellish or omit parts of the story.